Implement git refs (#79)
gruntwork-io/fetch: README.md

#### Features

> - Download from a generic git reference or specific git tag, branch, or commit SHA.

Reviewer: NIT: perhaps:

```suggestion
- Download from any git reference, such as a specific git tag, branch, or commit SHA.
```

- `--branch` (**Optional**): The git branch from which to download; the latest commit in the branch will be used. If
  specified, will override `--tag`.
- `--commit` (**Optional**): The SHA of a git commit to download. If specified, will override `--branch` and `--tag`.

> - `--ref` (**Optional**): The git reference to download. If specified, will override `--commit`, `--branch`, and `--tag`.

Reviewer: Consider putting this first. And updating most of the examples to use it, as it's simpler, and probably our preferred option.

Author: Perfect, sounds good to me.

Author: One area worth touching on is `--tag`, should `--ref` be able to do the tag filtering that `--tag` is doing? I'm not quite sure yet how to do that if so, since `--ref` is more generic. Perhaps leave the `--tag` examples alone?

Reviewer: IIRC, tags are valid refs—given a ref `xxx`, Git will try it as a tag and a branch or something like that, and you can of course force it to be a tag via `/refs/tags/xxx`—but prob worth testing how Git handles those on the CLI!

Author: Agreed. I'm thinking about how it might handle `--ref=>1.0.5`. I haven't looked at that bit of the code too much yet.

Reviewer: Oh, I gotcha, the version constraints. Yea, those prob need to be parsed before passing on to Git.

Author: I've put this first and also solved the handling of tag constraints.

- Introduce code verification using something like GPG signatures or published checksums
- Explicitly test for exotic repo and org names
- Apply stricter parsing for repo-filter command-line arg

> ## Issue #73

Reviewer: I assume these are just your own notes?

Reviewer: Ah, saw your message on Slack. Ignore this.

Author: Yes, the implementation plan for all to enjoy. Certainly will be removed at the end!
